---Different Types of Testing---


1. Unit Testing 
    Unit testing is a software development process in which the smallest testable parts of an application, called units, are individually scrutinized for proper operation.

2. Integration Testing 
    Integration testing is the phase in software testing in which individual software modules are combined and tested as a group.

3. Regression Testing 
    Regression testing is performed to find out whether the updates or changes had caused new defects in the existing functions.

4. Smoke Testing 
    Smoke testing, also called build verification testing or confidence testing, is a software testing method that is used to determine if a new software build is ready for the next testing phase. 

5. Sanity Testing 
    Sanity Testing or Surface Level testing is a type of testing which is performed on the stable build of the software. 

6. Acceptance Testing 
    Acceptance testing is a quality assurance (QA) process that determines to what degree an application meets end users' approval.

7. Load Testing 
    Load testing examines how the system behaves during normal and high loads and determines if a system, piece of software, or computing device can handle high loads given a high demand of end-users. 

8. Non Functional Testing 
    Non functional testing is a type of software testing that verifies non functional aspects of the product, such as performance, stability, and usability.

9. Performance Testing 
    Performance testing is a non-functional software testing technique that determines how the stability, speed, scalability, and responsiveness of an application holds up under a given workload. 

10. Black Box Testing 
    Black box testing involves testing against a system where the code and paths are invisible. 

11. Functional Testing 
    Functional testing checks an application, website, or system to ensure it’s doing exactly what it’s supposed to be doing. 

12. Security Testing 
    Security testing is a process intended to reveal flaws in the security mechanisms of an information system that protect data and maintain functionality as intended.

13. End to End Testing 
    End-to-end testing, also known as E2E testing, is a way to make sure that applications behave as expected and that the flow of data is maintained for all kinds of user tasks and processes. 

14. Stress Testing 
    Stress testing is a form of deliberately intense or thorough testing, used to determine the stability of a given system, critical infrastructure or entity. 

15. White Box Testing 
    White box testing involves testing the product's underlying structure, architecture, and code to validate input-output flow and enhance design, usability, and security. 